Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[Waylon K. Smith & Kevin Yost
"Darkness Waits"]
♪♪♪
♪ A chasm where no light escapes ♪
♪ A coward who drowns in past mistakes ♪
♪ A heart whose horrors ♪
♪ take intricate shapes ♪
♪ The static of memory escapes ♪
♪ While innocence asphyxiates ♪
♪ Wickedness hides in intimate traits ♪
♪ While Darkness. Darkness Waits ♪
♪ Darkness. Darkness Waits ♪
♪ A cold. enveloping ♪
♪ embrace ♪
♪ The last flush of daylight ♪
♪ dissipates ♪
♪ Pleading for safety ♪
♪ while sanity ♪
♪ breaks ♪
♪ While Darkness ♪
♪ Darkness Waits ♪
♪ Darkness ♪
♪ Darkness Waits ♪♪
(A hub of many strange phenomena
is Dead Woman’s Hollow Trail)
Did anyone see it that time?
Seriously you guys?
What is that?
-That. I believe is photographic evidence
of a shadow ghost.
Sometimes called shadow people.
dark entities. black mists.
Evil Sprits?
-Western society kind of
has us programmed
to think that anything
related with darkness
is associated with evil
or demonic spirits.
So they can be bad?
-Believers feel that shadow ghosts
are genuine ghosts.
People who passed on physically.
but not necessarily
made it to the other side spiritually.
It's not uncommon to find the reports
detailing their Earrhly clothing.
If you look close.
you can almost make out
a long coat and a hat.
Hats get reported all the time.
Damn.
Is that the girl from the film?
-These are the actual
crime scene photos.
Taken in fairly close proximity
to the swimming hole.
All four of them had been shot
with a .22 caliber rifle.
No arrest was ever made.
They didn’t even have a suspect.
What if it's not even a ghost?
What if it's their killer?
-These images have been recorded by
- hikers. photographers.
park rangers.
and even early settlers.
So these have been happening
for over a hundred years.
And I find that
each one closely resembles
the figure captured in the film.
-Is it the same figure
in all of the pictures?
-Most shadow ghosts
do seem attached
to a more specific location.
I looked up Dead Womans Hollow Road
and get this…
Natives named the area.
after a woman who was
bitten by a snake.
died there.
-Untimely deaths
are nothing new to the area.
- And that's why I’ve chosen it
as the next location
for our project.
(Ryan)
- What?
How far away is that?
A few hours. I think.
A few hours?
And how long
are we shooting for?
Until we get what we need.
Maybe all weekend.
This is some bullshit.
Why the hell can’t we
just do it here?
Here doesn't exactly qualify
as a hotbed for
paranormal activity.
There is absolutely no reason
it should take us
all weekend to do this.
(Jess)
- Well. that depends.
(Ryan)
- On?
On whether or not
we capture shadow ghost.
Capture?
Like on camera.
(Ryan)
- So what your saying.
is that chances of me.
trapping any beaver pelts
this weekend.
are uhh. pretty much
slim to none.
(Megan)
- You know Ryan.
you're never gonna fuck me.
You know that. right?
Right there.
(Laughs)
If we get the shot
we'll pack up and go home.
All for a hoax.
Some made up.
found footage. ghost chasing.
I verified the events.
They happened.
So how does this movie.
shot on film mind you.
find its way on the internet
in the first place?
Isn't it like police evidence?
Darryl you and Megan are responsible
for your own wardrobes.
So you might wanna consider
wearing a little bit more
cover than usual.
Pan...
tees.
You don't wear any underwear?
-Only when I know
I am going to be taking them off.
(Pops band)
(Snickers)
(Laughs)
(Jess)
- I haven't had any luck
securing permits from
the local authorities.
so we may have to shoot this
guerrilla style.
-Or commando style.
in Megan’s case.
(Jess)
- From what I could gather.
the local sheriff had been let go…
so the department
was kind of under transition.
Well. why was he let go?
He got drunk and
beat a black man in his custody.
with a baseball bat.
(Where legend and myth are woven together
in a tapestry of dark history)
(Scream)
(Gunshot)
♪♪♪
[ clock tower chiming ]
What's up Jeff?
(whispers)
Hey... Hi.
Brought some donuts.
[ elevator door opening ]
[ elevator door closing ]
(Mayor Scruggs)
- Buck. I believe I speak for
each of us.
when I say thank you.
for coming in on your day off.
Mayor.
I'm sure you know Bob Billy?
-Of course.
Best breakfast in town.
Well. Bob’s not only the owner
of the longest running
and most successful restaurant
our fine town has to offer.
Bob was recently elected president
of our chamber of commerce.
Well done.
Thank you sir.
Jeff I believe you know.
Jeff!
Buck!
- And this is Joe Mason.
He is our new town manager.
You are going to be working closely
with him on the departments budget.
- Great. Umm.
actually no I don’t have anything to do
with the budget.
It’s not really.
This is Charlene.
she’ll be recording the whole meeting.
- Charlene.
Charmed.
[ typing ]
(Mayor Scruggs)
- Buck you put in for
sheriff some time ago? Yes?
- Correct.
And you probably wondered
why you were overlooked
immediately following
the release of Hatsley?
I did at first. yes.
Well. its been a long road back.
Not only for the department.
for the entire community.
A community who’s trust.
in those sworn to protect and serve
was shattered.
A department who's image.
was run through the muck.
Found itself on the hot seat.
Harassment. Racism.
You name it.
- Not to mention the negative effect it has
on economic growth and opportunities
[ typing ]
(Mayor Scruggs) - Tell me. what kind of
experience do you have.
(Mayor Scruggs)
- outside of the academy?
Uhhhh…Just practical.
Everything I learned here.
On the job.
Under Hatsley.
- You see Buck.
if the experience you have thus far
Revolves around whatever training
you received from Hatsley.
as your mentor.
Wouldn't it be safe to assume
that whatever.
philosophies and values he had…
- No one is interested in another
shoot from the hip cowboy
making our jobs more difficult.
- Sure.
I mean you know what they say
about bad mistakes and old habits.
Absolutely.
And if I were in your position
I'd feel the same way.
Ummm.
was I trained by Hatsley?
Yes.
Am I an advocate for the former sheriff?
No. Not at all.
Trust.
Goes back to trust.
Without it.
you loose your ability to police.
Crime goes up.
Then our economic outlook
goes down the shitter.
We have several
business proposals
that we are shopping around as we speak
Some are more time sensitive then others.
But they're all going to require
tremendous support from the people
if we are going to move forward.
Do you still associate with Ward?
- Ummm... just in passing.
I mean.
it's hard not to in this town.
Well. we really wanna be sure
there's no.
conflict of interest.
Usually just no more than hello.
Well. if you can keep it to that.
You can start first thing
tomorrow morning
All right.
Under a watchful
probationary period of course.
-Of course.
Ahh. thank you sir.
Uhhh... I won't let you down.
Ummm. Gentlemen. Charlene.
You sure type fast.
[ typing ]
Your giving me bad ideas.
(laughing)
[ crickets chirping ]
[ heavy metal music playing ]
So what do you say?
I buy ya a case of beer.
fill up your tank?
I'll even introduce you to.
Bruce Banner.
I don't understand this.
Why don't you just not go?
- I can't do that.
I mean. I have to pass this course
or i can’t play next fall.
Yep. I've been there.
I know all about it.
So what?
You'll do it?
Either of you assholes have any idea
how retarded you sound right now?
We only need to capture
a shadow ghost.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
It's like black mass.
a black mist
some shit out in the woods.
It's a mist or some shit.
Out in the woods!
You're fuckin' high man.
just shut the hell up.
If your looking to get shit like that
you could just film Darryl.
have him close his eyes.
shut his big fuckin' mouth.
you got your shot.
Of your.
shadow ghost. shit whatever.
(laughs)
Yeah. Ok.
I mean it's like our own reality show
dude.
it's kinda like Ghost Hunters.
- The world doesn't need anymore of that
you know?
It's not really original.
- She said having a black host.
will separate them from all the others.
Well.
if there is one thing the world
needs more of than a reality ghost show
it's another Ernie Hudson.
- Oh. Ok.
Good one. Good one.
Your girl picked it.
Who? Jess?
Yeah. She's the producer.
She's awfully demanding.
I know all about that Darryl.
Thanks for pointing it out.
-Exactly dude.
that's what I'm saying
that's why you need to do this.
All right.
Now that is a big ass trail.
and you want me
runnin' around out there.
stumblin' around in the damn dark?
It's not like that dude.
All you gotta do.
go out there during the day.
find the swimming hole.
and then just wait for us.
You'll text me?
- Yeah I’m gonna text you.
I’m gonna buy one of those
pay by the minute phones.
Seriously.
And then Jess is going to collect
all the other phones.
Turn them off.
that way there is no interruptions
for audio recording.
But. how do you know
she's not just gonna follow you?
- Dude she's gonna be
too fuckin' busy.
- Too busy.
- watching us and trying to direct us
from the monitors from the campsite.
Trust me.
Well. lets say this.
this horse shit works.
what do you want me to do?
All you have to do.
is stand where we tell you to.
we get the shot.
then boom. we're outta there man.
It's not that hard.
Seriously.
go to the thrift store.
buy yourself a black duster.
- overcoat type shit.
- A black fisherman's hat.
like. like the one
LL Cool J would wear.
It's a Kangol.
- It doesn't matter Kangol. what the fuck?
She's gonna know its me.
With a fake fuckin' beard?
This is. this is fuckin' ridiculous.
Dude.
From night. at far away.
on camera.
nobody will know.
What about the rifle?
Now that will scare'em
Rifle?
[ ominous music ]
Hey Dustan. how's it look?
Doesn't look good.
Morning Fern.
There's a new sheriff in town.
Oh. it's not a big deal.
It is a big deal.
It's about time
they came to their senses.
Yeah well. we'll see.
Do you need help with that?
- Oh no. no it is just office stuff.
[ door screeching ]
Hey.
So.
what's wrong with the
cruiser out front?
Ahhh.
I got good news and bad news.
Cool.
Uhh. I guess. what's the bad news?
The cruiser has a busted
torque converter or something.
Ouch.
Umm. ok.
So What's the good?
- Our other car has been in the shop
for way over a month.
- It needs some kind of cylinder repair
or replacement.
That's actually terrible news.
Ok.
- Oh it gets worse.
The department doesn't have
the money to repair either one.
- Everytime I submit a work order
it just gets denied.
Ok.
Uhhhh.
You ready for the bad news?
I thought that was the bad news?
Ahhh yeah. hit me.
Umm. the department did have
enough money to.
buy you that.
A light bar.
- Flashes red and blue.
Ok.
- You're required to drive your
personal vehicle.
like. until further notice.
Wow.
Ahhh. they did say something
about paying for mileage.
but i haven't seen a form for it yet.
- Umm.
That sounds like Joe Mason.
Part of his new reconstruction plan.
Oh wow. So.
Ok...
Uhh. well not the freshest of starts.
- Oh wait.
- I almost forgot.
- Speaking of fresh.
- It doesn't get much
fresher than this.
Oh wow.
Oh you didn't have to get me this.
Oh.
- I know you are trying
to eat healthy.
Yeah.
- These are gluten free
and they are filled with algae.
They sure are.
[Phone rings]
Wow. Umm Thank you.
You're welcome Sheriff.
[Phone Rings]
They're good for you.
Mmm huh.
(Fern)
Sheriff's Office
Wow.
That's the bad news.
[ tense music ]
♪♪♪
[ cash register buttons beeping ]
Thank you sir.
[ booming bass car stereo ]
Fuck.
[ hatch slams ]
[ tense music ]
♪♪♪
[ camera shutter click ]
So what do you think of Brady?
Are you being serious right now?
Well would you sleep with him?
Umm. gross
Come on. he is totally hot.
He's totally a tool.
I wouldn't have it any other way.
Wow.
[ tense music ]
♪♪♪
[ camera shutter click ]
Check this shit out.
- Hell yeah.
No phones.
No suspicions
She doesn't even know
we have that bad boy.
Uhhh.
(Darryl)
- Why's it called a beaver anyways?
Probably because the shape of a
girls pubes looks like a beaver's tail.
- But what if it's shaved?
Then it's not a beaver is it?
Honestly that is debatable dude.
I mean. it still spends
most of it's life eating wood.
[ ominous music ]
♪♪♪
Sheriff?
[ Buck grunting ]
[ knocking ]
Sheriff?
(Buck)
- Uhhh. yeah. uh. one minute.
I'll be right out.
You got a call on line one.
[ grunting ]
[ toilet flush ]
Don't go in there.
- Are you ok?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Umm. unrelated.
the fan doesn't work.
- Well. there's definitely not money
in the budget for that.
Yeah. that makes sense.
You know what when I
have to go number two I
just go across the
street to the book store.
Ok.
It's pretty clean.
Why don't you just take
the rest of the day off.
Oh no.
I am under a microscope right now.
- Please. tell me it wasn't the donuts.
No. Probably just stress
You know what I read that
algae is a remedy for stress.
Mmm huh. Ok. Great.
I'll show you the article.
I'll send it to you.
- Yeah sure. That's great.
Sheriff Rodgers.
Hey Buck. Joe Mason here.
Oh Joe Mason yeah.
Hi
Did I catch you at a bad time?
No we were just talking about you.
I mean. not about you.
but like ahh. the budget.
Sorry about the cruiser.
Oh no. I understand.
We can't work the repairs
into the current budget.
Yeah no. I mean.
it's not a necessity but...
Just keep track of your miles.
Yeah.
We can go over the budget.
No yeah. No.
That's great.
Look at the numbers.
Maybe we can get together
sometime next week.
Yeah sure.
Yes sir. Yeah no.
Next week will be perfect.
Have a great first day there Buck.
Yeah ok. Uhh Bye.
[ ominous music ]
♪♪♪
Oh. come on. Ward.
[ pounding on door ]
[ door creaking ]
[ ominous music ]
♪♪♪
Hey guys. I'm gonna go pee.
Well. you're gonna
have to catch up.
- Yeah. yeah.
[ ominous music ]
What the fuck's up
with this old man?
You kids watch out
on that trail up there.
There's rattlesnakes everywhere.
[ rattling ]
[ ominous music ]
Hey. can you go check on Megan?
Oh yeah.
[ rattling ]
- Hey. you ok?
- See any snakes out here?
Mmmm.
Not yet.
[ zipper unzips ]
[ heavy breathing ]
[ moaning ]
[ rushing water ]
[ ominous music ]
♪♪♪
Oh my God Jess.
Where is this place?
Ok.
It's not much further.
[ ominous music ]
[ distant talking ]
[ distant laughing ]
[ ominous music ]
(Jess) - All right you guys. so this is
where we're going to set up camp. Ok?
Any questions?
No. no. None really but uhhh...
the swimming hole is back there.
I don't care where we set up camp
as long as we can stop walking.
Is that what I think it is?
A lower case "T"
Guys this is seriously
creeping me out.
We gotta go we can't stay here.
- Where do you suggest we go?
We could go skinny dipping.
The ghosts did seem to dig that.
Dude. I can't swim.
Typical.
No where else is going
to be any safer than right here.
They probably thought the same thing.
Come on guys.
will you please trust me?
We needed a place to film.
This is it.
I wouldn't have brought you
all the way out here
if I thought anything
was going to happen to you.
Come on.
we are going to be fine. ok.
- You white people are crazy.
- Fuck this.
I gotta go piss.
Do us all a favor and
stand facing the wind.
He probably sits
when he pisses anyway.
Yes.
[ ominous music ]
Hey Jess you vindictive spiteful bitch.
it's Travis. uh. I had some
alone time out here
and I had you on my mind
and all the fucking time
I wasted on your ass.
so I just was giving you a call
to let you know.
That one of these fucking days
I'm going to get your ass
for what you put me through
you fuckin’ bitch!
Shhhhh.
♪♪♪
[ Traving moaning ]
[ ominous music ]
[ Travis screaming ]
[ Travis frantically screaming ]
[ funk music playing ]
From the hoods to the woods.
Just follow me
through the hollow G.
Yo. yo. yo.
its your favorite host
and we gonna catch us
a shadow ghost
cuz. this. is.
Sooooul Hunters.
Welcome everybody
to another edition
of Soul Hunters.
With me here as always.
our white tailed Bambi.
We are. on the
Dead Woman's Hollow
deep in the Michaux Forest.
named after some girl
who got bit by a big ass snake.
- I wish I could get bit
by a big snake.
I. don't think so girl.
This.
is what happens.
when you get bit by a snake.
[Jess]
Cut!
That was terrible.
I didn't write the rap.
- Ok. Well. I thought
it started to fall apart at the bit
where you explained why
it was Dead Woman's Hollow.
- Uhh. so maybe
go back over your lines.
Umm and you.
Weren't you supposed to
come in with a rem pod.
not grinding your ass?
Well the creative environment was safe.
I felt like it gave me.
you know.
room to explore.
Ok. I know the Rem Pod was packed.
Where is it?
You know.
a rim pod.
is whenever you stimulate
your partner's asshole.
with your mouth.
Just sayin'.
(Brady) - Would anyone care for a
toasty marshmallow?
(Megan)
- Mmmmm.
[ crickets chirping ]
[ laughs ]
I thought you said you
only wear underwear.
when you know you're going to
take them off.
And?
Houston.
we have a rim pod.
[ laughs ]
- It's a Rem Pod.
R-E-M.
It measures changes
in electromagnetic fields.
No?
You would know this if you weren't
so busy flunking this course.
- Did the thought
ever occur to you.
that.
maybe you are just
not that good of a director?
[ thud ]
You're crazy.
[ crickets chirping ]
Why do they call
this Bruce Banner?
Because. it makes you smart
like a scientist.
You're such an asshole.
- You won't like him
when he's horny.
I can't do this anymore.
(Megan)
- Meaning?
Meaning this.
This project.
You know what. why don't we just
all pack up and go home.
Now?
Right fucking now?
What about the project?
I don't really care if this project
gets done or not.
And. from the looks of it.
neither do any of you guys.
- At least you only care
if it gets done by me.
What the fuck?
Seriously?
What are we supposed to all get
F's now?
Spare me. Ryan.
We all know why
you need to pass.
And it has nothing
to do with baseball.
Ryan won't get his allowance
if he doesn't pass a class.
Jess no one wants you
to quit the project.
Just tell us what you want us to do
and we'll do it.
Give me one good reason
why I should?
(Brady)
- Ummm..
(BRADY)
- You're thing is blinking.
I thought you said we were
gonna meet him there?
Fuck it dude.
Just roll with it.
(Megan)
- What is that?
That's the Rem Pod.
(Megan)
- No.
There.
Get your camera.
[ ominous music ]
(Ryan)
I don't fuckin' see a thing.
(Brady)
You have to turn
on night mode dumbass.
[ gunshot ]
(Darryl)
- Awe. hell no.
You're not flippin' this shit on me.
Yo. Travis!
Travis?
Dude get up.
Man you're not making a fool of me.
Dude. he's not moving.
What's happening?
Ohhh let's scare Darryl.
Let's get this shit on film.
Travis!
[ gunshot ]
[ screaming chaos ]
(Brady)
- Fuck!
(Megan)
- What's happening?
(Jess)
- Travis!?
[ gunshot ]
(Jess)
- Darryl!
(Brady)
- Fuck!
(Jess)
- Brady!?
[ screaming. wolves howling ]
(Jess)
- What's going on you guys?
- What's happening?
[ gunshot ]
(Brady)
- Fuck!
[ heavy breathing ]
[ tense music ]
[ thud ]
(Brady)
- Fuck!
[ ominous music ]
(Brady)
- Fuck
Fuck. oooh fuck.
Whoa!
Help!
- Help!
- Someone!
[ bones crunching ]
- Help!
- Somebody help me!
- Stop. I don’t wanna die!
- Stop!
- Please!
[ gun shot ]
[ crickets chirping ]
[ ominous music ]
[ bat hitting concrete ]
[ baseball game on radio ]
[ police scanner ]
- Smith to base.
- Go ahead ranger.
[ police scanner ]
- I’m first responder
- to that possible
[ police scanner ]
- 10-91 V as in Victor
- Reporting multiple gunshots fired.
[ police scanner ]
- Please advise.
- Stand by while we
contact local authorities
[ police scanner ]
- Copy that.
[ mysterious music ]
♪♪♪
[ phone ringtone ]
Rise to the top. you got to do it!
[ phone ringtone ] Never look
behind you. Never give yourself up.
[ Phone ringtone ]
Rise to the top. you got to
Sheriff Rodgers.
(Jack)
- Buck. it's Jack.
MmmHmm.
(Jack)
- You awake?
Yeah.
(Jack)
- I need you to get out of here right away.
Yeah. No I'll be right in.
(Jack)
- Make it quick.
Ok.
It's a little early for Chinese food.
isn't it?
[ tense music ]
♪♪♪
(Buck)
[ whistles ]
So what are we doing here Jack?
Buck. I'd like you to meet Jesse.
Whoa!
Is it? Is this a wolf?
- It is.
- Apparently. he has been living with
Tipler for the last year.
Randall?
- Yeah. the one and only.
[ wolf whimpering ]
Is that not. is that legal?
If it's less than 75% wolf. yes.
Huh.
This one of course...
Isn't.
Yep. knowing that idiot.
Any more than that
and you need a permit.
Which Randall does not have.
But you'd be surprised
at how many people think
that raising a wolf is
just like raising a dog.
But it's not.
They are completely different animals.
And that's why you should never take
something like this out of the wild.
Yeah. I bet that is
exactly what Randall did.
- Well that goes without saying.
- The chances of a drunkard successfully
pressing the alpha concept is...
Not good.
And worse yet.
Jessie got loose the other night
but Randall was to scared to call it in.
Because he didn't have a permit.
So who called him in?
Campers up the hollow.
The ranger dispatched
never did spot Jesse.
- but did report hearing gunshots
during his search.
Randall eventually found him.
but when he did he noticed some blood
around his mouth.
figured maybe somebody got spooked
and took a pot shot at him.
So he brought him here.
And sure enough.
during the initial examination
Lon was able to extract
a .22 caliber slug
from around Jesse's mouth.
So. who shot him then?
Campers?
This is where it gets weird.
Lon wasn't able to find an entrance or exit
anywhere on Jesse.
He figured maybe he picked it up
somewhere accidentally.
So he called me down to test
the blood samples we took from his fur
My initial thinking was.
maybe he picked it up somewhere
snacking on a dead rabbit or squirrel.
So. what kind of test then?
Just like. rabies?
The blood found around Jessie's mouth
wasn't animal DNA.
It was human.
[ Jesse growling ]
[ tense music ]
[ police scanner chatter ]
[ car door closes ]
♪♪♪
[ knocking ]
Well who could that be?
Let me see.
Buck.
(Buck)
- Hey
It's Buck.
(Buck)
- I'm sorry it's late.
(Mr. Brooks)
- I haven't seen Buck in a long time.
Hey Buck. come shake my hand.
How's it goin'?
Ok Buck.
You're lookin' great.
How ya feeling?
Well. for an old man
I feel alive.
Good. good.
I'm happy to hear that.
It's a rough night. rough night.
(Mr. Brooks)
- Do you remember my daughter?
I do. I do.
(Mr. Brooks)
- Yeah.
That's why I'm here.
(Mr. Brooks)
- Oh. yeah?
Yeah.
(Fern)
- Is everything ok?
No. no.
Rough night. ahhh.
I don't know how
to say this but.
I need help.
We got a manhunt.
I need your help.
I'm sorry. I need you
to get dressed.
and we gotta go.
Me?
Right now.
(Mr. Brooks)
Well.
when they call. they call.
You think I can do this?
Why not?
Take good care of this girl.
(Buck)
- You know I will.
That's the only one I got.
Get dressed.
Somebody get murdered
or something?
Yeah.
- Wow.
And don't forget your gun.
- Buck. you tryin' to tell me.
this. this is happening again?
- Yeah it looks like it.
That is bad news.
Yeah.
It's awful.
Damn bad news.
Yeah.
[ C.B. garble ]
[ tense music ]
Hello?
Can anybody hear me?
(Jess)
Hello?
Can anybody hear me?
Jess?
(Jess)
Megan are you all right?
No.
I don't know where I am.
And couldn't keep up with everyone.
I don't know where you guys are.
I think everyone got separated.
♪♪♪
We have to figure out a way
to get out of here together.
(Jess)
Where are you?
How would I know that?
Where I am?
I'm so scared Jess.
I don't think I can do this.
(Jess)
Megan you can do this.
Look we just need to find a way
to get you back on the trail.
(Jess)
It's our best chance to get back
and call for help.
(Jess) Do you see anything
you recognize from yesterday?
Everything looks the same!
[ crying ]
There's a big rock.
Are you able to figure out
what direction you're walking?
(Megan)
What? How do I even do that?
[ tense music ]
(Megan)
Jess?
(Leroy)
You shouldn't fear those
that kill the body.
[ crying ]
(Leroy)
There. there don't cry now.
Megan.
Why don't you just crawl back
under whatever hole
you crawled out of
and leave us all alone!
(Jess)
Megan?
How did he know you were crying?
[ ominous music ]
Jess?
Jess!
(Leroy)
Megan?
[ twig snaps ]
[ metal clanking ]
[ screams ]
(Megan)
No!
[ screaming ]
(Megan)
No!
[ crying ]
(Megan)
[ screaming ]
Help. Help. Help.
(Megan)
[ crying ]
Megan?
(Megan)
HELP!
Megan?
NO! HELP!
NO!
OH NO!
HELP!
[ gunshot ]
Megan?
[ tense music ]
[ distant gunshot ]
[ Jess screams ]
We have to go!
No. Where's Brady?
I don't know
but we have to go now.
What about Megan?
We can't just leave her!
Darryl!
[ tense music ]
♪♪♪
(Camper)
- Hey man!
- That's our raft!
(Camper)
- Come back!
- There's a hole in that raft!
(Camper)
- Come back!
[ birds chirping ]
Come on boy.
Good boy.
[ clears throat ]
What the hell are we
up against here Sheriff?
What we are looking at here
is a possible gunshot victim.
Evidence collected thus far
would suggest fatal.
There is a remote possibility.
that it is a self inflicted injury.
But we're not ruling out foul play.
Until we confirm one or the other...
(Buck)
- Watch your backs. Keep on your toes.
(Dick)
And watch your asses.
That's why I always stock pile
those extra moist towelettes.
From down at the rib joint.
Figure they are good enough
to get the BBQ sauce off your fingers.
you might as well just...
Watch your asses!
Idiot.
Dwight.
I believe the shots were from a .22
It's not conclusive
but we know of one so far.
I told ya.
(Wally)
- Highly unlikely.
I mean. unless you are just fixing
to piss one of them off.
Dammit Wally.
How many times have you
heard me say that before?
A .22 bullet goes into the skull
but it rarely comes out.
It bounces around in there
like in a pinball machine it just.
Macerates the brain.
Turns it into pudding.
But it's clean.
That's why it's a choice
in a lot of mob executions.
(Buck)
- All right. well.
Everybody double check your gear
and we'll be heading out in a few.
[ guns cocking ]
[ truck engine revving ]
Hey. what's the commotion?
Manager's specials.
Since I know you're
to busy to eat and all.
Ahhh. no. thanks.
This wouldn't have
anything to do with the
shots that were fired
last night. would it?
Because if it did.
that means you reneged
on our little agreement.
I know you wouldn't to that.
- All right. I'm.
I'm gonna have to ask you
to move along.
I think I'm fine where I am.
Am I breakin' any laws?
Well. come to think of it.
I've been seeing a lot
of flyers blowing around.
I'm sure the Mayor would be
pretty happy
to collect on some littering fees
for each offense.
At least tell me you got a solid lead.
You owe me that much.
Yeah. We do.
Do tell.
It's a wolf.
Wolf?
As in last name?
As in dog.
only a little bit more wild.
Sheriff.
(Fern)
- Sheriff!
(Buck)
- Fern. just call me Buck. come on.
(Fern)
- I got Jeannie on the line.
(Buck)
- Yeah.
Jeanie's gonna have to redirect
the call to the tricounty area.
unless it's something
out of the ordinary.
She said she's got some campers.
- They said a guy with a big afro.
came runnin' out of the woods...
- stole their raft. and just paddled out.
(Buck)
- What?
Oh my god.
(Buck)
- Sheriff Rodgers.
[ truck speeds away ]
[ dramatic music ]
(Nate)
- Got it? Got it? There you go. Good boy.
Let's go... go find it. Let's go.
(Buck)
- Go Ahead.
♪♪♪
[ birds chirping ]
[ ominous music ]
[ radio static voices ]
Hello?
[ radio broken voices ]
Is anybody there?
[ gunshot ]
(Leroy)
Are you following me?
♪♪♪
[ wind in trees ]
Uhh!
[ grunts in pain ]
[ boat motor ]
[ tense music ]
What the hell
is that over there?
What the hell?
Let's get closer.
[ boat revving ]
[ mysterious music ]
♪♪♪
What the hell is this?
Uhh?
Dick.
Yeah?
[ phone ringtone ]
Sheriff Rodgers.
Buck.
Swanson here.
Yeah looks like our uh...
Mr. John Doe boat thief.
thought he was a fish.
[ laughs ]
[ deep sigh ]
Dick could you just humor me
with a little bit of professionalism?
Ok. John Doe was a uh.
African American male.
late teens. early twenties.
No Identification.
No one knows who he is.
where he came from.
I think the only thing
we can be sure of
is he's not going to be getting
his swimming badge anytime soon.
You telling me he drowned?
That's affirmative.
Kids here said that the
their raft was leaking air.
And they put a patch kit on it.
And they tried to yell
and warn him but...
he just ignored them
and kept on paddling out.
The patch didn't take hold.
I take it?
Not the least.
Looks like it was bunk.
(Buck)
You and Wally get back here.
Assist with the search.
All right.
Roger that. Out.
[ dramatic music ]
(Nate)
- We got a mess here.
(Buck)
- Oh my god.
Oh no.
(Buck)
- I'm gonna need you
to call Jack. umm.
he needs to come here
after he's done at the.
resorvoir. umm.
[ deep exhale ]
just tell him to keep
a low profile.
We need to keep this
under the radar.
[ vomiting ]
(Buck)
- Are you gonna be ok?
I've never seen anything
like that before.
(Buck)
- All right Nate.
great job. thank you. umm.
if you can just keep going.
Sure.
Catch up with Jason's crew.
and continue the search.
No problem Sheriff.
(Fern)
- Done.
I got him.
(Buck)
- Ok. great.
Take Dwight.
get outta here.
I'm sorry I just have to
stay with the body.
(Fern)
- All right. Dwight. c'mon.
[ mysterious music ]
Ahhh.
hup. Jack?
Lon. we got another one up here.
Copy that.
♪♪♪
Welcome to the shit show Lon.
What do we got here?
Well. head shot with a
.22 I reckon.
and lower leg snapped in half
below the knee.
(Wally)
- Bradley Davis.
20 years old.
Good lookin' kid. eh. was.
[ zipper zipping ]
[ spits ]
You boys gonna give us a hand?
Ahhh. we have a lot of
ground to cover boys.
Sorry.
Like an Easter egg hunt
out here.
Sons of bitches.
Yeah.
♪♪♪
Nothin' out back.
Take a look at the
water down here.
Look out for tracks.
[ mysterious music ]
You go that way
and I'll go around
that way and meet ya.
- All right.
[ engine cranking ]
[ C.B. garble ]
[ tense music ]
Hello?
[ C.B. garble ]
Can anybody hear me?
Just off of
Dead Woman's Hollow road.
please!?
Anybody?
Can anybody hear me?
Please help.
[ C.B. garble ]
[ twigs cracking ]
[ tense music ]
[ footsteps approaching]
[ footsteps approaching ]
Where's Dick?
(Buck)
- Oh Judas! What happened man?
(Dick)
We came across this old
VW bus up in the woods
further down.
Must have been there
forever and a day.
I think somebody might have been
living in it.
Sure stunk to holy hell.
Either of you dust for prints?
We got a little sidetracked.
All right. well uhhh.
where's Jack?
Where's Jack?
We left him with the broken leg kid.
(Wally)
- Brad...
Bradley.
- Yeah Bradley. Bradley that's it.
I guess that had something
to do with the drowning?
On the phone you only mentioned
the bad patch earlier.
Wait. how did you
come up with a name?
Ummm. I'm afraid
we got some bad news.
It was bad.
- We wrapped up at the lake
and we headed back this way
with Jack in tow.
Came across a body.
It was another shooting victim.
Bradley.
Not John Doe from the lake.
All right.
So we left Jack there
to bag up this Bradley.
Wally and I decided to
recon the immediate area.
Sure.
That's when we
came across this VW bus.
We heard somebody or something
rustling around inside.
- So out jumps this girl.
- but unbeknownst to me she's got
this fuckin' screwdriver in her hand.
- You can fill in the blank after that.
Yeah.
(Wally)
She stabbed him.
With... with the screwdriver.
Thanks Wally. for clearing that up.
♪♪♪
Jessica?
How's uhh...
how's that leg holding up?
It's a lot better than Brady's.
Pardon me?
- His name was Brady.
They keep calling him
Bradley for some reason.
Well. I'm really sorry to hear
about Brady. umm.
Ranger Swanson uhhh
radioed the paramedics.
So we are going to meet him
at the base of the trail.
And uhh get your leg looked at.
Umm.
In the mean time
would you be alright to.
answer some questions?
- Ranger Swanson said that uhh.
you and your friends were here
for a school project?
Is there anyone uhh.
anyone else who knew you were coming?
Where you might be found?
We should have never come here.
- I knew about the two girls.
Who were up here camping
and where shot and murdered.
I didn't tell any of my friends
Because I thought they wouldn't come.
I never thought that...
Ever hear that verse in the Bible?
It's ahhh.
Job I think.
God says to Satan.
from where do you come from?
Satan says.
I'm traveling back and forth
on the Earth.
Walking to and fro on it.
Uhhh...
Well. nah.
Ward does it a lot better.
Ward Hatsley?
Umm. you read about him too?
There was more about him
than there was the murders.
I set up our campsite.
where one of those
girls' bodies was found.
Yeah.
I should have told them.
I should have told them everything.
Yeah.
Well.
Did you get a good look at the man
who was shooting at you?
That's him! That's him.
♪♪♪
Is ah.
that what we're looking for?
Could be.
[ mysterious music ]
What do we do?
I think we should get a search warrant.
Legally.
What about probable cause?
- I really think we should wait
and report this to the...
sheriff.
It's open.
Or not.
Get me them plate numbers.
[ ominous music ]
S-A-M
7-5-3-3
[ distant gunshot ]
[ gunshot ]
- Dwight?
♪♪♪
[ ambulance sirens ]
Fern. I swear to God I don't know
why this had to happen to you?
Fitting pay back for that donut?
Not even close. Come on.
Fern. I'm sorry. So sorry.
So sorry.
♪♪♪
[ ambulance sirens ]
(Wally)
- Hey Buck?
[ ambulance sirens ]
Wally. I got to get this girl
to the hospital. Come on man.
Hey man I like the lights.
Wait?
Where's the third ambulance?
- That was the third.
Uhh... Dwight in the first.
Dick in the other.
- Swanson?
Yeah. They pulled that screwdriver
out of his arm and he collapsed.
God. that is about all the Dick
I can handle for one day.
Sounds like something
my ex-wife would say.
What is wrong with you?
She got to get to the hospital.
Fern's been shot.
Dick's fainting all over the place.
I gotta go.
- Goodnight.
[ police scanner ]
Jess?!
Jessica?!
[ phone ringtone ]
Jess!
Rodgers.
[ tense music ]
[ police scanner ]
[ car starts ]
[ tense music ]
[ crickets & frogs chirping]
Hand the piece over.
Slow and easy.
That's it.
♪♪♪
I tell you.
There is absolutely nothing
like the mountain air.
Yeah?
Smells like Wild Turkey.
Oh no sir.
Only the finest Kentucky bourbon.
Inside.
♪♪♪
So. is she all right?
Sure.
Don't she look it?
- Do you wanna talk?
(Ward)
[Laughs]
Shit in one hand.
Want in the other.
My mother always
used to say that.
Ohh... Jesus.
Isn't that why you brought me
all the way out here?
You know. heaven forbid
anyone see us together.
In pubic. you know
talking that is.
What. do you want from me?
I wanna know what changed.
Things are different.
Ha yeah. politically speaking you mean?
Meaning. I can't keep feeding you
privileged information on this case.
Or any other case
past or future.
- I know I said I would.
And I did.
- For a long time.
Way longer than I should have.
- It's my own fault and I'm sorry.
I never should have agreed to it
in the first place but uhh...
I care about my job.
I'm not ashamed to admit that.
So I thought you wanted
to help me catch this guy.
You want to catch this guy.
I just care about the law.
Oh well that just sounds about right
cuz you sure as shit
don't care about justice.
How do you mean?
All I'm trying to say
is that the law's...
well. it's not without limitations.
- Yeah. you're the expert on that.
Still.
This isn't right.
You're putting innocent people
in harm's way.
You know that's the one thing
about you Buck.
You've always thought that there is
such a thing as innocent lives.
- All I know is.
whatever crusade
you've got cooked up
just. leave me out of it.
Look.
In a few short hours.
a media circus is going to descend
on our quiet little town.
Now. you're gonna be playing
the part of the clown.
The local hay seed sheriff
in over his head.
The polar opposite of what
your ringleader's want on display.
I did the best I could.
With the resources I had.
You get what you get.
And you don't complain about it!
Now just save it for the choir!
- Now.
- once you'r relieved of your position.
because. you know. when
the real police take over.
This very liberal media is
gonna start spinnin' this shit
into it's ongoing narrative
on gun control.
Unless. you're willing to flip the script.
How do you expect me to?
Well. this little lady here is going
to be your meal ticket.
- No way. Absolutely not.
Look Buck. I saw him.
It was him!
Flesh and bone.
-We can not use
this girl as bait.
How are you going to
guarantee her safety.
If I wanted to keep her out of harm's way.
I would've just shot her myself.
- Jesus.
Christ.
You are fucking certifiable!
Buck if you want to win.
you gotta make sure you can do
what the other guy won't.
Even if it means throwing her
to the big bad wolf?
Well. the wolves gotta eat too.
[ dramatic music ]
Why are we here?
I mean.
I remember.
waiting for an ambulance.
but. nothing between then and.
waking up here.
Uh. our position got.
umm. compromised.
We had to reroute you for safety.
and this was the most
secure location.
But. couldn't you
have radioed someone?
[ tense music ]
Hell. I don't know.
I guess in the end
we're all. monsters.
- She thinks she saw Leroy too.
Wait. Who's Leroy?
The man in the sketch?
A local folklore.
A mountain man uh.
livin' in caves along the trails.
he walks in the shadows.
Appalachia's version of the
angel of death
except uh.
carrying a rifle
instead of a scythe.
No but he's real.
I saw him.
Darkness.
Darkness waits.
What does that mean?
The wicked.
lie and wait.
for the righteous.
Intent on putting them to death.
Now you can call him
whatever you want.
but that boogie man
is gonna come a knockin'.
Thank you Dr. Loomis.
[ loud knock ]
[ suspenseful music ]
(Buck)
Ahh. god dammit. Wally!
(Dick)
That's usually my line.
(Buck)
- What the hell are you two
doing here?
Well. Sheriff. er.
Ward. called us in.
I called for back up.
Back up.
[ deep breath ]
Well. I'm surprised
to see you back up so soon
after your. life threatening injury.
Hey. show Dick some respect.
Dick here.
[ Dick gasps ]
is the ahh.
president of drama club
back in school.
Exactly what does that
have to do with the fact that you
hijacked this girl's ambulance?
I'm a method actor.
- I had him tie up
the ambulance.
I didn't know how else to
insure that she stay put.
Wait. wait. wait but.
you said that our position
had been compromised.
What. did you guys just.
lie to me?
It was like ahh.
it was more like a misstatement.
- Which is a cinnamon for lie.
Synonym. Wally!
Christ.. geesh.
You guys said it was
for my safety.
We said what we had to.
- Why would guys lie like that?
(Buck)
Look we had to uh.
[ loud knock ]
Bam!
(Leroy)
Little pigs. little pigs.
Little pigs. little pigs!
[ guns cocking ]
[ gunshot ]
[ glass breaking ]
Down!
[ gunshot ]
I'm scared.
[ tense music ]
(Jess)
- Please. I don't want to die.
[ gunshot ]
(Buck)
- Jess!?
Oh my God.
[ tense music ]
All clear.
[ gunshot ]
[ thud ]
I got... I got him.
Where is he?
[ suspenseful music ]
(Dick)
- Well. we got him all right.
See I told ya I hit him.
Yeah.
I don't think it's who
we thought it was.
Is that a fake beard?
[crickets & frogs chirping ]
♪♪♪
[ chatter ]
The water level out there really
really went down
since we were out there.
Well. I figured the big titty story
would always sound more forgiving.
Hell.
I told it so much even
I began to believe it.
What are you telling me this?
I don't know.
[ reporters yelling outside ]
The mayor's office will release
a statement shortly.
(Reporter)
- Do you know what's going on?
(Reporters)
Mr. Mayor. Mr. Mayor. Mr. Mayor.
- Please your community deserves
to know what's happened.
(Reporter)
Mr. Mayor. How many people have died?
How many bodies were there?
(Joe Mason)
Not now. Not now.
(Reporters)
[All Questioning]
Hey. how are you.
- Good morning.
(Dick)
- Hey Mr. Mayor. how
you doing good to see you?
Good to see you. Good to see you.
I guess ever now and again
you just gotta...
take out the trash.
Bob Billy.
Good to see ya.
How you doing?
Good. How are you.
Doing good. Thank you.
Buck.
Mayor.
(Jeff)
- All he is. is a photo
opportunity in a suit.
Imagine that?
Just came from the hospital.
Fern's in good spirits.
but a little foggy as to
what happened out there.
Yeah.
Hopin' you can fill me in.
- Yeah. ahhh.
everything happened so fast.
Yeah I reckon so.
Fern's a trooper.
I'm optimistic.
You share that same
optimism for Dwight?
- Tell you what I do share.
People of this community.
are going to rest
easier at night.
knowin' the man on watch.
protecting them.
is a bonafide hero.
You done good Buck!
- I don't know if a.
if a hero under a
probationary watch is ahh.
- No. no. no. no. you're about
to be made official.
I'm gonna make the announcement
in a few minutes.
in the press conference.
But. I need details for now.
- Right.
So. let's start with the shooter.
- Sure. umm.
the shooter was a Travis Walton
23 years old. male.
college dropout.
- his ex girlfriend.
- Jessica Bates.
was one of the shooting victims.
and we don't think these
killings were random.
So. revenge?
- Well. our sources say
there was a nasty break up.
There was some infidelity
on her part.
he went a little crazy.
she got a restraining order.
might of pushed him
over the edge.
- He was found dressed as
the perpetrator described from
last years killings.
down to the .22 caliber rifle.
- His car was found on an old
utility road.
apparently he made a few
calls and texts to ahh.
one of the ahh.
deceased victims.
A co-conspirator?
- Possibly. umm.
I think he just helped
Walton find Bates.
I don't think he knew
what else was going on.
So everyone else was?
[ suspenseful music ]
Collateral damage.
Wrong place. wrong time.
[ exhales ]
sphewww
Juicy.
- Would it be unfeasable
to assume that Mr. Walton
was dressed.
like the past shooter
because that's exactly
who he was?
- His finger prints. clothes
and hair fibers
were found both in the cave
as well as the bus.
Apparently he's been
coming up here for some time.
I don't think so.
It just doesn't fit his profile.
- There's absolutley no motive
for last years killings.
- Could be a copy cat but.
no. I mean.
well the finger prints
on the inside.
they were more like. like.
like claw marks
trying to get out but.
it doesn't make sense
if you've been living there.
Well maybe he cut himself uh.
cleaning fish.
[ deep exhale ]
All right. well did you
talk to Jack?
- I did.
So you read the report?
- Just spit it out Buck.
Ok. we need to both be on
the same page out there.
so we're not public spectacles.
- So you saw that Travis
had no tongue?
Well that's the reason for the
falling out with the girl.
I imagine eating pussy
was not too high on her list of...
reasons to stay together.
- That's classy.
If you don't have a tongue.
why in the world would
you call somebody?
You could just text.
Why would call someone
that you just gunned down
like. and left for dead?
You some sort of expert now
on the.
behavior of mutes?
Bate's head wound.
That was a point blank range shot.
That's not uncommon
in a revenge killing.
- No. its not.
- But our man would have to
get past all four of us
under heavy fire.
get into the cabin.
shoot the girl. and just.
waltz outta there like ahh.
ghost.
Buck. how many gun fights
have you been in prior to this?
I mean. wouldn't you agree.
that it's within the
realm of possibility.
to over look some details.
in the heat of the moment?
- Yeah. I do.
Thats why I think
Travis was a decoy.
Our man could just
slip in. slip out undetected.
I think you've seen to many movies.
Bad movies.
Why did't he call out for help
when he had the chance?
I'm not expert on mutes
but uhh I think it's pretty hard to call
out for help when you don't have a tongue.
And people are shooting at you
in the middle of the dark.
- Buck.
I appreciate your concerns.
Ok.
You are doing one
hell of a thorough
investigation for us
and I applaud the effort.
But the difference
between wild speculations
and hard concrete evidence
in this case is vast.
The was we have to assess this...
[Thud]
- Ballistics.
- Travis's gun was registered
to his father.
I read the report.
So you read that
his gun was never fired.
It's factory new out of the box.
Look the big bad wolf is still out there.
And you're acting like the mayor of
Amity Island who won't close the beaches.
- This case is as good as closed.
You just have to make it so.
- Instead you choose
to drag it out.
As if the victims families
haven't suffered enough.
Days become years.
And for what?
The big bad wolf
isn't going anywhere.
That's a fact.
And nothing you can do can change that.
- He's been there from the beginning.
- And no matter what you do
The big bad wolf
always gonna be there Buck.
You have to wrap
your head around that.
- What the people don't know...
won't hurt them.
That's the way it's always been Buck.
- Because rest assured.
I'm not going to be made a fool of again.
You understand me?
Now what's it gonna be?
[ dramatic music ]
- Where the hell do you
think you are going?
Is it your turn.
to beat an innocent man
with a baseball bat.
in the name of vigilante justice?
You keep walking out that door
and turn your back on me
and you're finished!
You hear that?
You're finished!
You know what
your problem is Mayor?
You still think there is such a thing
as innocent people.
[ dramatic music ]
(Reporter) Sheriff. whats going
on? What did the mayor say?
[ tires squealing ]
[ screams of terror ]